feat: add useFetch to default credentials (#653)
TheNileDev/nile-js: packages/react/src/lib/hooks/useFetch/README.md

## useFetch

> This hook can be used on conjunction with other backend services configured to work with Nile. All it does is ensure `credentials` are set to `include` to be sure cookies HTTP-only cookies are passed to the secondary service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hook can be used in conjunction with other backend services configured to work with Nile. The hook ensures that `credentials` are set to `include` to be sure HTTP-only cookies are passed to the secondary service.
```

### Usage

```typescript
import { Stack, Button } from '@mui/joy';
import { useNile, useFetch } from '@thenile.dev/react';

function CustomComponent() {
  const nile = useNile();
  const fetch = useFetch();

  const fetchFromBackend = React.useCallback(() => {
    async function doRequest() {
      try {
        const myResult = await fetch('https://my.backend.service');
        console.log(myResult);
      } catch (e) {
        console.error(e.message);
      }
    }
    doRequest();
  }, []);

  const fetchFromNile = React.useCallback(() => {
    async function doRequest() {
      try {
        const myResult = await nile.users.listUsers();
        console.log(myResult);
      } catch (e) {
        console.error(e.message);
      }
    }
    doRequest();
  }, []);

  return (
    <Stack>

>       <Button onClick={fetchFromNile}>Do Request from Nile</Button>;

Reviewer: nit: `fetchFromNile` button is first here but the method is second above.

      <Button onClick={fetchFromBackend}>Do Request from backend</Button>;
    </Stack>
  );
}
```

## Handling CORS

In order for `useFetch` and `useNile` to work well together, the secondary web server needs set up to handle CORS. This allows for cookies to be shared transparently between your domain and Nile. Below is an example (in nextjs) for using Nile as the source of truth for authentication on a secondary server:

```typescript
import type { NextApiRequest, NextApiResponse } from 'next';
import Cors from 'cors';
import Nile from '@theniledev/js';

// Initialize Nile
const nile = Nile({
  basePath: 'https://prod.thenile.dev',
  workspace: 'myWorkspace',
});

> // Initializing the cors middleware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Initialize the CORS middleware
```

// You can read more about the available options here: https://github.com/expressjs/cors#configuration-options
const cors = Cors({

>   origin: ['https://mysupercoolsite.com'], // **important** the `origin` here needs to match the `origin` CORS header on `https://prod.thenile.dev`

Reviewer: How does one determine what is the `origin` CORS header on `https://prod.thenile.dev`?

Author: :magic: :homer_disappear:

you'd have to look at the request headers... and you can't change the value right now, so this is extremely handwavey.

Reviewer: FYC add a line that says that (inspect the headers...etc)

Author: in currently instructs you to match the CORS header.

  methods: ['POST', 'GET', 'HEAD'],

>   credentials: true, // be sure to accept credentials passed by the HTTP-only cookie

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  credentials: true, // accept credentials passed by the HTTP-only cookie
```

});

// Helper method to wait for a middleware to execute before continuing
// And to throw an error when an error happens in a middleware
function runMiddleware(
  req: NextApiRequest,
  res: NextApiResponse,
  fn: Function
) {
  return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
    fn(req, res, (result: any) => {
      if (result instanceof Error) {
        return reject(result);
      }

      return resolve(result);
    });
  });
}

export default async function handler(
  req: NextApiRequest,
  res: NextApiResponse
) {
  // Run the middleware
  await runMiddleware(req, res, cors);
  const { token } = req.cookies;

  if (typeof token === 'string') {
    try {
      const valid = await nile.developers.validateDeveloper({
        token: { token },
      });
      // nile.authToken = token; // use the valid token on the server's client to make requests to nile, if necessary

>       console.log(valid); // undefined means the developer is valid

Reviewer: If `undefined means the developer is valid`, the output in the log will be confusing.  Is it possible to augment the output with some more clarity around what's pass/fail?
